I have been making YouTube videos since
2011 and there are over 12200 videos on
this channel it has been quite an
interesting Adventure today I wanted to
talk about YouTube I read the comments
every day basically all day long and I
get the sense of what you're feeling I
hear a lot from you and I think that it
is very important to understand the
subscribers of any channel and that's
one of the mistakes
that a lot of YouTubers make they don't
care about their
subscribers and that's what my first
point
is I talk to a lot of others out there
who are YouTube
creators and perhaps they're in the same
field
here let's just say people that have
interviewed
me these people literally do not care
about their subscribers and it's sad it
really is sad because the subscribers
are everything without them you really
don't have anything and when I say
subscribers meaning the people who watch
every day or
regularly and a lot has
really changed my beliefs on
YouTube I've talked to a lot of these
individuals they tell me that they do
not read the comments
there's a lot of hate on the comments
that's for sure that is very clear just
look at the comment section down below
and you'll probably see a lot of
hate but what I would say is that over
the years I found that the comments have
been extremely informative if you filter
through a lot of the hatred and a lot of
the spam you get a lot of good
information and that's what the money
GPS really is I aggregate data I did
that for my books and I do that for the
YouTube and what I've done here is taken
information from white papers government
documents mainstream media alternative
media and so on and I basically take all
that information piece it together make
videos about
it much of the information that I've
received has been from my own
experiences that I have but also those
that I see or or that have talked to me
personally these people whether it's
through comments through emails chatting
whatever it might be that has allowed me
to piece together information that I may
not
necessarily show you on the screen or I
may not you know have a video of
somebody telling me this information but
this is aggregated from the information
that I've been receiving so that's what
the money GPS is it's really taking
information from all over the world
literally putting it all together into a
package and trying to formulate that for
you my delivery is not always the best
that's for sure but I try to do the best
I can so one of the things that I see a
lot of people doing unfortunately is in
the YouTube World believing that they
are experts and that's something that I
really don't like because the experts
are those individuals
who you know they went to school for all
these years they the phds they're the
quants and they believe everything that
they're told and everyone believes
everything that they tell them but you
know what that's not the way it works
nobody knows when crashes are coming
nobody knows when the bull is coming
nobody knows anything really it's all
about trying to make best guesses and
then trying to decide based on that and
I just think that it is a little bit
silly sometimes to see these people
people call themselves experts whether
it's in mainstream media and I see it a
lot in YouTube too it's a big mistake
there is no such thing as an expert I'm
not an expert that's for sure I am a
student I am a great student at what I
do because I'm constantly constantly
trying to learn information when I'm
with somebody having a personal
conversation family member or a social
acquaintance or anything like this I try
to get information from them if they're
telling me about their car I try to
learn about that car tell me something
tell me anything interesting I need to
know that because I'm aggregating the
data that's what I am I don't know why
or how this all works but that's what I
do I aggregate thata I want to know more
information if you have religious
information cultural information you
know you're from a different country I
want to know about that country I ask
the questions people who have lived
through the turmoil people who have
lived through hyperinflations I've asked
them these questions over the years
constantly just building that
information yes you might see articles
from Reuters and Bloomberg on my screen
but I assure you in the background in
the back of my mind I've been
aggregating this data that's what I
think is important a lot of people
they're failing at this miserably I
don't agree with What's Happening Here
on YouTube A lot of people are really
claiming that they are you know this or
that and it's just something that you
know I don't see how anybody's winning
from that piece of information really
so that's it that that's all I want to
point out with that for these videos you
will see more of what I've been doing
I'd like to show my face uh once in a
while here I'm actually using what's
called a gimbal right now I just bought
this from the donations that I've
received I got a Gimbal and a gimbal is
basically a device if you watch Jeff
Berwick at all he has one it's basically
like um sort of a motorized
selfie stick or something and it allows
the camera to keep steady so you won't
see all those shaking in all my previous
videos you'll see my hands shaking
everywhere and as I move and talk this
is a lot better it's of course not
perfect but if I were to start moving
and walking around it would keep the
camera nice and steady I think that's
really good try to make it a little bit
better if I can the sound quality on
here is probably not very good but you
know what can you do I I'll try to see
what I can do about that I'm just trying
to make better videos I'm not trying to
spam you with too many videos but I am
trying to create quite a bit of content
I hope you appreciate the content that I
am putting out I'm trying to be somebody
who's simply saying this is what I found
take a look at it and you do what you
think I am not a guru I am a student and
I'm simply here at probably 3:00 in the
morning right now I'm not sure what time
it is let's see 2 o'clock in the morning
and I'm just here trying to bring you
some information that I hope is useful
to you and then you'll go out there and
you'll do your own
homework if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
and that's all take
care